# Readings Overview

In Code 201, there is a lot of reading to cover, especially in the first half of the course. It’s more important to focus on concepts, and to know where to find examples in the readings, than it is to try to read every word.

In fact, it would be downright counterproductive to try to read and comprehend every word, so don’t even try. Be strategic as you go through each reading:

- Manage your time. Make your time with each reading productive, and not a chore. This is not intended to be an exercise in “reading it to memorize it.”
- 15-30 minutes is adequate time to skim thorough an article; time spent on mastery of specific details from the reading will vary.
- Keep in mind that the ability to read and apply documentation is a core skill for developers. There’s always new technologies to learn, and you typically learn them by reading the documentation and then playing around with code samples.

## Readings

Below is a collection of resources which describe the topics for the upcoming lecture.

For your assignment, go through these resources, and create a markdown file titled class-01.md in your reading notes repo that summarizes the topics. Then ACP your main branch to create a rendered web page on github pages

## Reading

### [Getting Started](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web)

Skim [How the Web Works.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/How_the_Web_works)  
Skim [Website Design and Process.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/What_will_your_website_look_like)  
Read the following sections of [JavaScript Basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics): Start at “What is JavaScript?”, read through “Comments” section.
