# Readings: HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to CSS Layout

*"This topic matters as it is fundamental to my learning and development in the key areas of web development."-me*

Below you will find some reading material, code samples, and some additional resources that support the topic for this class and the upcoming lecture.

Review the Submission Instructions for guidance on completing and submitting this assignment.

## Reading 

[Learn HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML)
[Creating Hyperlinks](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks)

1. To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?
-"A basic link is created by wrapping the text or other content inside an < a > element and using the href attribute, also known as a Hypertext Reference, or target, that contains the web address." https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks

2. The href attribute contains what information? 
- The Hypertext reference

3. What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers? 
- "Use clear link wording
It's easy to throw links up on your page. That's not enough. We need to make our links accessible to all readers, regardless of their current context and which tools they prefer. For example:

Screen reader users like jumping around from link to link on the page, and reading links out of context.
Search engines use link text to index target files, so it is a good idea to include keywords in your link text to effectively describe what is being linked to.
Visual readers skim over the page rather than reading every word, and their eyes will be drawn to page features that stand out, like links. They will find descriptive link text useful." https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks

## [CSS Layout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout)

[CSS Layout: Normal Flow](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Normal_Flow) [CSS Layout: Positioning](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Positioning)

1. What is meant by “normal flow”?  
- "As detailed in the last lesson introducing layout, elements on a webpage lay out in normal flow if you haven't applied any CSS to change the way they behave. And, as we began to discover, you can change how elements behave either by adjusting their position in normal flow or by removing them from it altogether. Starting with a solid, well-structured document that's readable in normal flow is the best way to begin any webpage. It ensures that your content is readable even if the user's using a very limited browser or a device such as a screen reader that reads out the content of the page. In addition, since normal flow is designed to make a readable document, by starting in this way you're working with the document rather than struggling against it as you make changes to the layout." - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Normal_Flow

2. What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements? 
- "By default, a block-level element's content fills the available inline space of the parent element containing it, growing along the block dimension to accommodate its content. The size of inline-level elements is just the size of their content. You can set width or height on some elements that have a default display property value of inline, like < img >, but display value will still remain inline." -- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Normal_Flow

3. ___ positioning is the default for every html element. 
- Static

4. Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element. 
- "An absolutely positioned element no longer exists in the normal document flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else. This is very useful: it means that we can create isolated UI features that don't interfere with the layout of other elements on the page. For example, popup information boxes, control menus, rollover panels, UI features that can be dragged and dropped anywhere on the page, and so on." - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Positioning

5. What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning? 
- "This works in exactly the same way as absolute positioning, with one key difference: whereas absolute positioning fixes an element in place relative to its nearest positioned ancestor (the initial containing block if there isn't one), fixed positioning usually fixes an element in place relative to the visible portion of the viewport. (An exception to this occurs if one of the element's ancestors is a fixed containing block because its transform property has a value other than none.) This means that you can create useful UI items that are fixed in place, like persistent navigation menus that are always visible no matter how much the page scrolls." - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Positioning


## [Learn JS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript)

[Functions – Reusable Blocks of Code](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Functions)

1. Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation. 
- Function declaration is the instruction to what the function is 
- fucntion invocation is the calling of that function into action or to run the code.

2. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument? 
- "Function Parameters and Arguments;
Function parameters are the names listed in the function definition. Function arguments are the real values passed to (and received by) the function." - https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_parameters.asp#:~:text=Function%20Parameters%20and%20Arguments&text=Function%20parameters%20are%20the%20names,and%20received%20by)%20the%20function.

## Miscellaneous
[6 Reasons for Pair Programming](https://www.codefellows.org/blog/6-reasons-for-pair-programming/) 

- "While there are many different styles, pair programming commonly involves two roles: the Driver and the Navigator. The Driver is the programmer who is typing and the only one whose hands are on the keyboard. Handling the “mechanics” of coding, the Driver manages the text editor, switching files, version control, and—of course writing—code. The Navigator uses their words to guide the Driver but does not provide any direct input to the computer. The Navigator thinks about the big picture, what comes next, how an algorithm might be converted in to code, while scanning for typos or bugs. The Navigator might also utilize their computer as a second screen to look up solutions and documentation, but should not be writing any code." - https://www.codefellows.org/blog/6-reasons-for-pair-programming/

1. Greater efficiency - higher quality of code and debugging among other efficiency benefits

2. Engaged Collaboration - the collaborators are more focused and engaged when working together as well as communicate problems to resolve together.

3. Learning from fellow students - often programmers are skilled in their own skills sets and working together can help increase their knowledge in other areas where their partner excels and they lack.

4. Social skills - collaborators have to communicate fully their thoughts and idea to work on the same project which means they practice their communication skills whilst working.

5. Job Interview readiness - working involves pair programming and the workplace will want someone who is a good communicator and works well with others to be part of their team.

6. Work environment readiness - compaines expect staff to work in pair programming and have to train newly qualified persons how to do this.  If you are already familiar with this is gives you the benefit to be work ready.

Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.

1. Communication - I am not great at communicating what is going on and what I am trying to do as I lose my train of thought.  learning to communicate whilst working would be of benefit to me professionally.

2. Learning new skills - I am new to coding so any and all input is welcomed at this stage and I would like to benefit from the knowledge of others as I hope they would benefit from knowledge I could impart.





#### THINGS i WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT