# Readings: Images, Color, Text

*"This reading is important at this stage pf learning and ddevelopment where we are focusing on the aesthetics of our website builds."-me*


## Reading:

### [HTML Media](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding)
### [Using Images In HTML.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML) [Read Common Image Types and Choosing Image Formats.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Image_types)

#### 1. What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website? 
    - *"Alt text uses:
    Alt attributes enable screen readers to read the information about on-page images for the benefit of a person with complete lack of sight, visually impaired, or who is otherwise unable to view the images on the page. Alt text will be displayed in place of an image if an image file cannot load.* - https://moz.com/learn/seo/alt-text#:~:text=Alt%20text%20uses%3A&text=Alt%20attributes%20enable%20screen%20readers,an%20image%20file%20cannot%20load.

#### 2. How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document? 
    - By adding effective alt text (alternative text)

#### 3. Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.
    - "Usually a < figure > is an image, illustration, diagram, code snippet, etc., that is referenced in the main flow of a document, but that can be moved to another part of the document or to an appendix without affecting the main flow.
    A caption can be associated with the < figure > element by inserting a < figcaption > inside it (as the first or the last child). The first < figcaption > element found in the figure is presented as the figure's caption."* - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/figure

#### 4. Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.
    - "GIF	Graphics Interchange Format	image/gif	.gif	Good choice for simple images and animations. Prefer PNG for lossless and indexed still images, and consider WebP, AVIF or APNG for animation sequences.
    Supported: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, IE, Opera, Safari."https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Image_types
    - "SVG	Scalable Vector Graphics	image/svg+xml	.svg	Vector image format; ideal for user interface elements, icons, diagrams, etc., that must be drawn accurately at different sizes.
    Support: Chrome, Edge, Firefox, IE, Opera, Safari."https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Image_types

#### 5. What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why? 
     - "PNG: This format is perfect for screenshots and other types of imagery where there's not a lot of color data. GIF: If you want to show off animated graphics on your site, this is the best image format for you."- https://themeisle.com/blog/best-image-format/#gref


## Learn CSS

### [Using Color in CSS.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Colors/Applying_color) [Styling HTML Text Elements]()https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Styling_text/Fundamentals

#### 1. Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge. 
    - The foreground is the colour you need to see above everything else, to be able to read the document.  The background is to promote good display and reading of the foreground, as well as to be aesthetically pleasing. Colour work is extensive and we can go futher into colour psychology in web design.

#### 2. Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character? 
    - I would identify a colour pallette to work from and then integrate it into the design of the wireframe and website.

#### 3. What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document? 
    - are they websafe? 
    - are they available on all operating systems?

#### 4. What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements? 
    - They are all setting to change the font, size, thickness/boldness, style/type.

#### 5. Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element. 
    - using the "letter-spacing" and "word-spacing" settings in css


## Things I want to know more about




