# Readings: Problem Domain, Objects, and the DOM

Below you will find some reading material, code samples, and some additional resources that support the topic for this class and the upcoming lecture.

Review the Submission Instructions for guidance on completing and submitting this assignment.

## Reading
[JavaScript Object Basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Basics)

1. How would you describe an object to a non-technical friend you grew up with? - As per the decription above - a vessel to contain specific information/ data and functions.

2. What are some advantages to creating object literals? by creating them you use less code, everything is better organised and data stored better.

3. How do objects differ from arrays? - the values within an array are listed and the data stored within an object is typicl of personal information so 'things' specific, rather than a list.

4. Give an example for when you would need to use bracket notation to access an object’s property instead of dot notation. - when you are calling the function stored within the object.

5. Evaluate the code below. What does the term this refer to and what is the advantage to using this?

const dog = {
  name: 'Spot',
  age: 2,
  color: 'white with black spots',
  humanAge: function (){
    console.log(`${this.name} is ${this.age*7} in human years`);
  }
}

this is used to call the data within the object into the function.  writing this means you can call the function for the same information in other objects, rather than having mutliptl different functions logged in the console.

## [Introduction To The DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction)

1. What is the DOM? - Dpocument Object Model - is a programming interface for web docuemtns which represents the page so programmes can change the style, content and structure of the page.  It uses nodes and objects to do this.

2. Briefly describe the relationship between the DOM and JavaScript. - you can access the DOM through javascript

Bookmark and Review

[Understanding the problem domain is the hardest part of programming](https://simpleprogrammer.com/solving-problems-breaking-it-down/?utm_content=cmp-true)


[What’s the difference between primitive values and object references in JavaScript?](https://betterprogramming.pub/intermediate-javascript-whats-the-difference-between-primitive-values-and-object-references-e863d70677b)