# HTML Tables and JS Constructor Functions

## Readings: Object-Oriented Programming, HTML Tables
Below you will find some reading material, code samples, and some additional resources that support the topic for this class and the upcoming lecture.

*"This topic is essential basic reading for the develpopment and construction of a website" - me*

## Reading
[Domain Modeling](https://github.com/codefellows/domain_modeling#domain-modeling)

1. Explain why we need domain modeling.
 - modeling of the Domain help clarify requirements and design intent.  It organises and structures knowledge of problems/ stores data in properties and behaviours in methods, to enable understanding of the problem to communicate between technical and business teams

[HTML Table Basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables/Basics)

1. Why should tables not be used for page layouts?
 - Layout tables reduce accessibility for visually impaired usrs e.g. screen readers.
  - Tables produce tag soup: due to more complex mark up structures than proper layout techniwques, using tables for structure can result in the code being harder to write, maintain and debug.
   - Tables are not automatically responsive: organised by content by default znd not within a parent layout container, so more work needed for the design.

2. List and describe 3 different semantic HTML elements used in an HTML < table >.
 - < tr > (table row parent element to create the table row.  the child (row content in this row is created using < td >)
  - < th > (table headers insert this in the same place as you would td)
   - < td> (ht elist item and content of the table)
    
[Introducing Constructors](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Basics#introducing_constructors)

1. What is a constructor and what are some advantages to using it?
 - a special function that creates and initialises an object instance of a class.

2. How does the term "this" differ when used in an object literal versus when used in a constructor?

[Object Prototypes Using A Constructor](https://ui.dev/beginners-guide-to-javascript-prototype)

1. Explain prototypes and inheritance via an analogy from your previous work experience.
 - NOTE: This is a very common front end developer interview question

## Bookmark and Review
[HTML Table Advanced Features and Accessibility](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Tables/Advanced)

