# Read-01-Markdown
****






### 1. What is Markdown?  

*Markdown is a lightweight markup language that you can use to add formatting elements to plaintext text documents*

### 2. Why do we use Markdown?  

*Markdown can be used for everything;*
 - People use it to create websites, documents, notes, books, presentations, email messages, and technical documentation. 
 - Markdown is portable. Files containing Markdown-formatted text can be opened using virtually any application. If you decide you don’t like the Markdown application you’re currently using, you can import your Markdown files into another Markdown application. That’s in stark contrast to word processing applications like Microsoft Word that lock your content into a proprietary file format.
 - Markdown is platform independent. You can create Markdown-formatted text on any device running any operating system.
 - Markdown is future proof. Even if the application you’re using stops working at some point in the future, you’ll still be able to read your Markdown-formatted text using a text editing application. This is an important consideration when it comes to books, university theses, and other milestone documents that need to be preserved indefinitely.
 - Markdown is everywhere. Websites like Reddit and GitHub support Markdown, and lots of desktop and web-based applications support it.
      
### 3. What symbol will create a heading in Markdown?
*Using the # symbol at the beginning of a text line will make the line a headline, increasing the amount of # symbols decreases the size of the heading, upwards of 6x#.*
#### - How many do you need to create the largest heading? = 1
#### - How many do you need to create the smallest heading? = 6

### 4.  When making text bold or italicized for emphasis, it is best practice to use which symbol?
*Using the * symbol at the beginning and end of a text line, word or phrase will make the text italic. Using a double * symbol will make it bold.  Using _** and **_  closing, following the same pattern will make text bold and italic.  

### 5.  How do you create a link with Markdown?
*To create a link in Markup use the symbols [word to be the link in here](insert link address)*  

### 6.  What are the three symbols you can use to create an unordered (bulleted) list with Markdown?  
*You can use the following 3 symbols to create a markup unordered bulletting system; -, * and +.*  



