# Read-02

### Text Editor  

A text editor is a piece of software that you download and install on
your computer, or you access online through your web browser, that
allows you to write and manage text, especially the text that you write
to build a web site. The text editor has to be one of the most
important tools you can use as an aspiring web developer.

As you become more familiar with coding, you may want to add more
features to your text editor. You’ll want to accomplish more with
minimal effort. You want a text editor that can grow with you as your
needs grow. This comes in the form of extensions. Extensions are like
plugins for your text editor, that allow you to have superpowers that
you wouldn’t have otherwise. A text editor that has a great selection
of extension will ensure that you have the ability to add functionality
as you need it.


### Terminals

### What are four important features to look for in a text editor?  
1.) code completion; 2.) syntax
highlighting; 3.) a nice variety of themes (to reduce eye strain and
fatigue); and 4.) the ability to choose from a healthy selection of
extensions available when you need them

### What do the following commands do?  
+ pwd - Print Work Directory
+ ls - List Files
+ cd - Current Directory (in the specific drive)
+ mkdir - Make Directory
+ rmdir - remove directory
+ rm - remove file
+ touch - create an empty file

### Can you explain what is happening in the following scenario if these commands and arguments are entered into the command line? (Arguments are extra instructions given to a command.)  
+ cd projects - change directory to enter the projects directory
+ mkdir new-project - make directory called new-project
+ touch new-project/newfile.md - Create a new file in the new-project directory, called new file.
+ cd .. - Takes you back one step in the directory
+ ls projects/new-project - List files in the project directory and new project directory