# 102.07-Operators-and-Loops


## Reflection and Discussion  
Below is a collection of resources of varying types and lengths which describe the topics for the upcoming lecture.  

Go through these resources, and create a page in your reading-notes repo that summarizes the topics you learned as though you were presenting the material to a non-technical friend interested in learning about it.  

Reminder: all your reading-notes assignments should be done locally, in VS Code. New files and changes will reflect in GitHub using your new Git-flow skills! (Remember… A-C-P)  

## Read
[Expressions and Operators](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Expressions_and_Operators) 
Focus only on Comparison operators and Assignment operators.  

[Loops](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Loops_and_iteration)
Focus only on for statement and while statement loops.  

## Answer
1. What is an expression in JavaScript?
- an expression is a valid unit of code that resolves to a value. There are two types of expressions: those that have side effects (such as assigning values) and those that purely evaluate 

2. Why would we use a loop in our code? 
- Loops offer a quick and easy way to do something repeatedly.   

3. When does a for loop stop executing? 
- A for loop repeats until a specified condition evaluates to false. 
The condition expression is evaluated. If the value of condition is true, the loop statements execute. Otherwise, the for loop terminates. (If the condition expression is omitted entirely, the condition is assumed to be true.)  

*for (initialization; condition; afterthought)  
  statement*  
  
4. How many times will a while loop execute? 
- A while statement executes its statements as long as a specified condition evaluates to true. A while statement looks as follows:  

*while (condition)  
  statement*  
