# Read-03


Reflection and Discussion
Below is a collection of resources of varying types and lengths which describe the topics for the lecture.

Go through these resources, and create a page in your reading-notes repo that summarizes the topics you learned as though you were presenting the material to a non-technical friend interested in learning about it.

Notes entry ideas:

Blog Article (2-3 paragraphs with code sample)
Dictionary / Flash Cards
Notes in outline form
Fill-in-the-blank worksheet of key concepts
Read
Git Intro
Read only up through the section called “Seeing Your Remote”.
Feel free to skim the “Getting Started” instructions, do not follow along with that section for now.


Answer
### What is Version Control?  
Version control / Version control system is the recording and monitoring of all changes to a development/ of the same document at different stages / layers.  Versions can be added to, removed and reverted to, to make amendments and development easier. Local Version control is one databse stored. Multiple collaborators are possible on one development using this system and can progress the development simultaneously, merging their versions.  Centralised version control enables this by storing nag providing access on one server to multiple users.  Distributed version control enables clients to make mirrired repositories in the event that the server info is lost and to replace that info.
### What is cloning in Git?  
Cloning enables you to creat a copy of the original Git and all versions contained within the Git, to be stored in a directory.  By clongin the Git into the respository the Git is backed up and also automatically updates and pulls and new edits from the original GIt.
### What is the command to track and stage files?  
Tracking - $ git add *.c  
$ git add LICENSE  
$ git commit -m “any message here”    
Track and stage sing;e file - git add filename  
Track and stage all files - $ git add *
### What is the command to take a snapshot of your changed files? 
I couldn't find this - prnt screen - is committing a snapshot?
### What is the command to send your changed files to Github?
I am a bit confused by this as I just through it updates via commititng
